Docs/3306/restructure-analysis-docker-docs (#3312)
MaibornWolff/codecharta: visualization/README.md

-   Installation as a [npm package](#npm-package) (Recommended)
-   Run an operating system specific [standalone](#run-a-standalone)
-   Build it yourself from the github [repository](#build-it-yourself)

> -   Use [docker-compose]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _docs/01-04-docker-containers.md %}) to run this with all other containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Use [docker-compose]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _docs/01-04-docker-containers.md %}) to run this with other needed tools like a Sonar instance or a analyzing tools of codecharta-analysis.
```

> To follow/watch the steps the e2e test is performing, deactivate headless mode in `jest-puppeteer.config.js` (and maybe set the `slowMo` parameter)

## Run in Docker container

You can use this via docker compose or as a standalone container. This section will deal with how to use the visualization as a standalone container. For information on how to use this with docker compose, please check out [Docker Getting Started]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _docs/01-04-docker-containers.md %})
We assume that you already installed docker, if not, you have to do that before!

To containerize the visualization, please follow the below listed steps.

> -   Start the docker container: `docker run -d -p 80:9000 codecharta/codecharta-visualization`. This detaches the container and exposes port 80 on the container and port 9000 on the host.

Reviewer: This command will provide the visualization localhost:80 on the users machine. I think the port mapping must be turned around.
